微软面试

1. 自我介绍

   你好，我是厉晓妍，就读于南京航空航天大学计算机科学与技术学院，专业是计算机技术。研究生包括三个阶段，研一主要是在学校学习专业知识以及做相关科研项目，研二在实习，先后在莱斯和满帮实习，做的是算法相关的工作，研三做一些毕业准备。在这个过程中做了一些项目如使用spring boot搭建的作战效能评估系统，飞机四维轨迹预测及飞单检测等等，我学习了如何与团队合作解决问题，提升自己的动手能力和沟通能力。

<<<<<<< HEAD
   Hello, I am Li Xiaoyan, majoring in computer Technology at Nanjing University of Aeronautics and Astronautics. There are three stages of my postgraduate study. The first stage  is mainly to learn professional knowledge and do relevant scientific research projects in school. The second stage is to do algorithm-related work as an intern in Rice and Manbang successively. The last is writing gratuation thesis and seeking job .During this process, I did some projects, such as the combat effectiveness evaluation system built by Spring Boot, four-dimension trajectory prediction of aircraft and flybill detection, etc. Through these experiences，I learned how to solve problems with the team and improved my practical ability and communication ability.
=======
   Hello, I am Li Xiaoyan, majoring in computer Technology at Nanjing University of Aeronautics and Astronautics. There are three stages of my postgraduate study. The first stage  is mainly to learn professional knowledge and do relevant scientific research projects in school. The second stage is to do algorithm-related work as an intern in Rice and Manbang successively. During this process, I did some projects, such as the combat effectiveness evaluation system built by Spring Boot, four-dimensional trajectory prediction of aircraft and flybill detection, etc. Through these experiences，I learned how to solve problems with the team and improved my practical ability and communication ability.
>>>>>>> 0125f93f311d1950235db9c9ef40409f88b57890

2. 手撕代码

3. 项目介绍

Firstly, the data is obtained through mathematical distribution or external file import, and then the data is modeled after processing. The machine learning algorithm is used to train and optimize the model, and the model is stored in MySQL to realize the evaluation and optimization of the battle plan. Project Responsibilities:
1. Design and write data processing functions, read the data in the database and convert it into the format required by machine learning algorithms;
2. Design and write model parameter serialization and deserialization interfaces.
3. Design data tables that store model parameters and model results

